h1. Description 

AWS Key Management Service (KMS) is an Amazon Web Services product that allows administrators to create, delete and control keys that encrypt data stored in AWS databases and products.

h1. Main Features 
 

h5. General : 
* Regional secure key management and encryption and decryption 
* Is a highly durable and available service.
* Manages customer master keys (CMKs) 
* Ideal for S3 objects, database passwords and API keys stored in Systems Manager Parameter Store 
* Encrypt and decrypt data up to 4KB in size 
* Integrated with most AWS services 
* Audit capability using CloudTrail - logs delivered to S3 
* Level 3 is CloudHSM  

h5. Customer Master Keys (CMKs)
* to generate, encrypt, and decrypt the data keys that you use outside of AWS KMS to encrypt your data.
* Types :
** Customer-managed - Created and managed by the AWS user.
** AWS managed - Created and managed by AWS on your behalf.
** AWS Owned - These are not in your AWS account. They are part of a collection of CMKs that AWS owns and manages for use in multiple AWS accounts.

h5. Data Keys
* These are symmetric keys generated by AWS KMS, which can encrypt/decrypt large amounts of data.
* You must use and manage data keys outside of AWS KMS.


h1. Cost Strategies 
 
* Pay only per API call 

h1. Service constrains 

h5. General :
* CMKs can encrypt/decrypt only up to 4 KB of data at a time.
* It can be costly to send huge amounts of data to an Amazon service every time you need to encrypt/decrypt it. Also, it can involve security issues like man-in-the-middle attacks, etc.
